pages/fullbook/image-sources.mdx, before:

# Image Sources

## [Introduction](/fullbook/introduction)

A1 - [See page for author, CC BY 4.0](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sir_Isaac_Newton._Wellcome_V0006785EL.jpg), via Wikimedia Commons

## [Chapter I - Field of View](/fullbook/chapter-1)

A2 - Photo by [Giorgio Trovato](https://unsplash.com/@giorgiotrovato?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/ray-ban?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A3 - Photo by [Hanny Naibaho](https://unsplash.com/@hannynaibaho?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@hannynaibaho?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A4 - Photo by DALLE 2 using the caption "a laptop on the bed with the screen showing a picture of a cute cat wearing a fedora hat"\
A5 - Photo by [Emma Dau](https://unsplash.com/@daugirl?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@tokenosopher/likes?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A6 - Photo generated via DALLE 2 as a derivation of another photo of a little finger monkey.\
A7 - Photo by [Christian Ladewig](https://unsplash.com/@dozy_de?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@tokenosopher/likes?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A8 - Photo generated via DALLE 2 using the prompt "santa claus wearing sunglasses smiling and riding the sasquatch ultra 4k" - It's like that song, you don't always get what you want...but you might get what you need.\
A9 - Santa's balls. There, I said it.\
A10 - Photo generated via DALLE 2 using the prompt "a group of biological cells with smiling faces wearing backpacks on a hill"\
A11 - Credit for original photo (without cool green lines): Generated via DALLE 2 using the prompt "Earth in space 4k realistic picture."\
A12 - Credit for original photo (without cool green lines): [Nasa Earth Observatory](https://climate.nasa.gov/news/3120/nasa-turns-to-the-cloud-for-help-with-next-generation-earth-missions/)

## [Chapter III - Does Human Society Feed?](/fullbook/chapter-3)

A13 - Anonymous Author\
A14 - Image generated with DALLE as a variation of [this public domain photo](https://www.flickr.com/photos/blmcalifornia/36012072955).\
A15 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "a cat eating a flower from a flower pot, with the roots showing".\
A16 - Image generated with dalle using the prompt "A planet from space with a cloud of farts surrounding it".

## [Chapter IV - Does Human Society Reproduce?](/fullbook/chapter-4)

A17 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "an old man with a beard and sunglasses and a toned body waterskiing while carrying his pet dog pinup art". I know, I have a sick head, so sue me.\
A18 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "close-up of a man holding a child with beautiful eyes who has just spitted some goo on his shirt pinup art".

Commit message:

chapter-5.mdx in the middle of it

pages/fullbook/image-sources.mdx, after:

# Image Sources

## [Introduction](/fullbook/introduction)

A1 - [See page for author, CC BY 4.0](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sir_Isaac_Newton._Wellcome_V0006785EL.jpg), via Wikimedia Commons

## [Chapter I - Field of View](/fullbook/chapter-1)

A2 - Photo by [Giorgio Trovato](https://unsplash.com/@giorgiotrovato?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/ray-ban?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A3 - Photo by [Hanny Naibaho](https://unsplash.com/@hannynaibaho?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@hannynaibaho?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A4 - Photo by DALLE 2 using the caption "a laptop on the bed with the screen showing a picture of a cute cat wearing a fedora hat"\
A5 - Photo by [Emma Dau](https://unsplash.com/@daugirl?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@tokenosopher/likes?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A6 - Photo generated via DALLE 2 as a derivation of another photo of a little finger monkey.\
A7 - Photo by [Christian Ladewig](https://unsplash.com/@dozy_de?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/@tokenosopher/likes?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)\
A8 - Photo generated via DALLE 2 using the prompt "santa claus wearing sunglasses smiling and riding the sasquatch ultra 4k" - It's like that song, you don't always get what you want...but you might get what you need.\
A9 - Santa's balls. There, I said it.\
A10 - Photo generated via DALLE 2 using the prompt "a group of biological cells with smiling faces wearing backpacks on a hill"\
A11 - Credit for original photo (without cool green lines): Generated via DALLE 2 using the prompt "Earth in space 4k realistic picture."\
A12 - Credit for original photo (without cool green lines): [Nasa Earth Observatory](https://climate.nasa.gov/news/3120/nasa-turns-to-the-cloud-for-help-with-next-generation-earth-missions/)

## [Chapter III - Does Human Society Feed?](/fullbook/chapter-3)

A13 - Anonymous Author\
A14 - Image generated with DALLE as a variation of [this public domain photo](https://www.flickr.com/photos/blmcalifornia/36012072955).\
A15 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "a cat eating a flower from a flower pot, with the roots showing".\
A16 - Image generated with dalle using the prompt "A planet from space with a cloud of farts surrounding it".

## [Chapter IV - Does Human Society Reproduce?](/fullbook/chapter-4)

A17 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "an old man with a beard and sunglasses and a toned body waterskiing while carrying his pet dog pinup art". I know, I have a sick head, so sue me.\
A18 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "close-up of a man holding a child with beautiful eyes who has just spitted some goo on his shirt pinup art".\
A19 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "planet Earth from space".\
A20 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "a dark green planet from space with little lights on its landmass".\
A21 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "a planet similar to earth at night from space with a dark orange moon".

## [Chapter V - Do Human Societies Evolve??](/fullbook/chapter-5)

A22 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "a hghly detailed display of a cake shop with different cake varieties".\
A23 - Image generated with DALLE using the prompt "witch feet with toes that have smiley faces instead of toes"
A24 - Images generated with DALLE using the following prompts: "4d render of an underwater city in a dome, birds eye view", "a starship travelling through space", "elvis belt buckle in space", " a highly detailed 3d render of a round starship in space".
